you
JMO that's one the chimp bitch
oh snap demob yo we thought you died was
what arrested
Otis this is the guy was helping me get
home while you two clowns were sitting
around playing video games hey at least
we're still around who knows what people
are thinking after that shit you pulled
man okay look look we got to count up
our soldiers and put them on the streets
now so is this guy in or out he's in
remember man we don't know shit about
this guy
no offense he look like a straight how
we know he cool cuz I say so well if he
stays he's got to be able to carry his
own weight can you fight I can take care
of myself
we gonna see about that
Oh owners got a soul in the job
not bad looks like you've seen a few
scraps in your time whatever-whatever me
Barney shit
ten-to-one is biscuit knock down the
real fight there's only one way to find
out go buy yourself some new gear if
you're gonna run with this crew you
better look the part
think you can handle that hey listen the
cops are looking for you so you can't go
back to your pad it ain't much but it's
yours for as long as you need it hmm
it's got potential